update <net /> props and document unbroken on <copperpour /> (#534)
tscircuit/docs: docs/elements/net.mdx

| Property | Description |
| -------- | ----------- |
| `name` | Name of the net (e.g. `"V5"`, `"V3_3"`, `"GND"`) |
| `connectsTo` | Port selector (or list of selectors) that should be connected to this net |

> | `routingPhaseIndex` | Optional routing phase index for autorouting (can be `null`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `routingPhaseIndex` | Determines routing order. Nets with the same phase index are routed at the same time |
```

| Property | Description |
| -------- | ----------- |
| `name` | Name of the net (e.g. `"V5"`, `"V3_3"`, `"GND"`) |
| `connectsTo` | Port selector (or list of selectors) that should be connected to this net |
| `routingPhaseIndex` | Optional routing phase index for autorouting (can be `null`) |
| `highlightColor` | Optional color used by viewers to highlight the net |
| `isPowerNet` | Marks the net as a power rail (e.g. `"V5"`, `"V3_3"`) |

> | `isGroundNet` | Marks the net as ground |

Author: <img width="722" height="412" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/82a3deb7-6a53-454b-8771-e4cac4eccb2a" />

https://github.com/tscircuit/props/blob/main/generated/COMPONENT_TYPES.md

> | `isGroundNet` | Marks the net as ground |

Author: yes
